1. Linux Kernel
The Linux kernel is the core part of the operating system that manages hardware resources
(CPU, memory, devices) and provides essential services for software applications.
It handles process management, memory allocation, device communication, file systems, and networking.
As a monolithic and modular kernel, it allows dynamic loading of modules, and its open-source nature
enables customization and wide hardware compatibility.
uname -r

2. Directory three
/bin - System binaries, including the command
/boot - The files necessary for the system to boot
/dev - Device files for all your peripherals,  that your Linux system uses to talk to your hardware
/etc -  Contains system-wide configuration files and shell scripts used to manage system settings and services
/home - This is where users store their files
/library - System libraries. Libraries are just bunches (набор) of programming code that the programs on your
system use to get things done
/opt - is used to store optional or third-party software that is not part of the default installation.
/proc - directory in Linux is a special virtual filesystem that provides information about the system
and processes. It's dynamically generated and does not contain actual files on disk.
/sbin - Essential commands that are only for the system administrator
/usr - is a standard directory that stores user programs, libraries, documentation

3. Bootloader
1 - BIOS/UEFI Initialization - hardware initialization
2 - Master Boot Record (MRB) - find Grub
3 - GRUB - Presenting a boot menu, Allowing the user to select the kernel version or operating system,
    Loading the kernel into memory
4 - Kernel Initialization - initializes the system, including hardware drivers and essential system services
5 - Systemd - It is responsible for booting the system, managing services, and handling system processes.
    tarts services in parallel to speed up boot times, uses unit files to configure services, and manages
    service dependencies. It also provides centralized logging through journald
6 - User Login
